README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LineHook-Dynamic%20Code%20Stats-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" alt="LineHook"/>
</p>

<h1 align="center">LineHook</h1>

<p align="center">
  <strong>Dynamic code statistics, badges, and graphs for any project</strong><br>
  <em>What's a line without a hook?</em>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/linehook"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/linehook?color=blue&style=flat-square" alt="npm version"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/linehook"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/linehook?style=flat-square" alt="npm downloads"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/marketplace/actions/linehook"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub%20Action-Marketplace-blue?style=flat-square&logo=github" alt="GitHub Action"/></a>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/zero-server%20costs-green?style=flat-square" alt="Zero Server Costs"/>
</p>

---

## Quick Start

```bash
# Install globally
npm install -g linehook

# Get instant stats
linehook stats

# That's it!
```

**Example output:**
```
+------------------------------------------------------------+
|                      PROJECT STATISTICS                     |
+------------------------------------------------------------+

  [FILES]
  -------------------------------------
     Total Files:     142
     Text Files:      128
     Binary Files:    14

  [LINES]
  -------------------------------------
     Total Lines:     12,847
     Code Lines:      10,234
     Blank Lines:     2,613

  [ASSETS]
  -------------------------------------
     Total Assets:    14
       Images:        12
       Fonts:         2

  [LANGUAGES]
  -------------------------------------
     TypeScript       ############........   6,420   49.9%
     JavaScript       ####................   2,340   18.2%
     CSS              ###.................   1,890   14.7%
     ...
```

---

## Installation

### NPM (Recommended)
```bash
npm install -g linehook
```

### NPX (No Install)
```bash
npx linehook stats
```

### From Source
```bash
git clone https://github.com/NagusameCS/lineHook.git
cd lineHook
npm install
npm link
```

---

## Commands

### `linehook stats` - Analyze Project

Get comprehensive statistics for your project.

```bash
# Basic usage
linehook stats

# Analyze specific directory
linehook stats --dir ./src

# Only count specific file types
linehook stats --extensions .ts,.tsx,.js

# Exclude directories
linehook stats --exclude tests,fixtures

# Output formats
linehook stats --output table    # Pretty table (default)
linehook stats --output json     # JSON for scripting
linehook stats --output markdown # Markdown for docs
```

**Options:**
| Flag | Description |
|------|-------------|
| `-d, --dir <path>` | Directory to analyze (default: `.`) |
| `-e, --extensions <list>` | File extensions to include |
| `-x, --exclude <list>` | Directories to exclude |
| `-o, --output <format>` | Output format: `table`, `json`, `markdown` |
| `--include-hidden` | Include hidden files |
| `--theme <name>` | Color theme for output |
| `--dark` | Use dark theme |

---

### `linehook badge` - Generate Badges

Create SVG badges for your README.

```bash
# Generate lines badge
linehook badge

# All badge types
linehook badge --type all

# Save to .linehook/badges/
linehook badge --save

# Custom style and color
linehook badge --style for-the-badge --color green

# Use a theme
linehook badge --theme dracula --save

# Quick dark mode
linehook badge --dark --save

# Add icons
linehook badge --icon --save

# Animated badges
linehook badge --animate --save

# Custom label
linehook badge --label "Total Lines" --type lines

# Link to repository
linehook badge --link "https://github.com/user/repo" --save

# Add prefix/suffix to value
linehook badge --prefix "~" --suffix " LOC"

# Output raw SVG
linehook badge --svg
```

**Badge Types:**
| Type | Description |
|------|-------------|
| `lines` | Total line count |
| `code` | Code lines (no blanks) |
| `files` | File count |
| `chars` | Character count |
| `assets` | Asset file count |
| `pages` | HTML page count |
| `languages` | Language count |
| `all` | All badges |

**Styles:** `flat`, `flat-square`, `plastic`, `for-the-badge`, `social`

**Full Options:**
| Flag | Description |
|------|-------------|
| `-t, --type <type>` | Badge type (see above) |
| `-s, --style <style>` | Badge style |
| `-c, --color <color>` | Badge color (hex or name) |
| `-l, --label <text>` | Custom label text |
| `--title <text>` | Custom alt text |
| `--link <url>` | URL to link badge to |
| `--prefix <text>` | Text before value |
| `--suffix <text>` | Text after value |
| `--label-color <color>` | Custom label background |
| `--theme <name>` | Color theme |
| `--dark` | Use dark theme |
| `--icon` | Include icon |
| `--animate` | Add animation |
| `--svg` | Output raw SVG |
| `--save` | Save to file |

**Add to README:**
```markdown
![Lines of Code](.linehook/badges/lines.svg)
![Files](.linehook/badges/files.svg)
```

---

### `linehook graph` - Generate Graphs

Create visual charts for your statistics.

```bash
# Summary card
linehook graph --type summary --output stats.svg

# Language pie chart
linehook graph --type pie --output languages.svg

# Bar chart
linehook graph --type bars --output breakdown.svg

# Treemap visualization
linehook graph --type treemap --output treemap.svg

# All charts (dashboard)
linehook graph --type dashboard --output charts.svg

# Custom dimensions
linehook graph --width 800 --height 600 --output chart.svg

# With theme
linehook graph --theme dracula --type summary -o stats-dark.svg

# Quick dark mode
linehook graph --dark --type pie -o languages-dark.svg

# Custom title
linehook graph --title "My Project Stats" --type summary -o stats.svg

# With subtitle and footer
linehook graph --title "Stats" --subtitle "Generated by LineHook" -o stats.svg

# Link the graph to repo
linehook graph --link "https://github.com/user/repo" -o stats.svg
```

**Graph Types:**
| Type | Description |
|------|-------------|
| `summary` | Stats overview card |
| `pie` | Language pie chart |
| `bars` | Horizontal bar chart |
| `treemap` | Language treemap |
| `breakdown` | Same as bars |
| `dashboard` | All charts |

**Full Options:**
| Flag | Description |
|------|-------------|
| `-t, --type <type>` | Graph type (see above) |
| `-o, --output <file>` | Output file path |
| `--title <text>` | Custom title |
| `--subtitle <text>` | Custom subtitle |
| `--footer <text>` | Custom footer text |
| `--link <url>` | URL to link graph to |
| `--hide-title` | Hide the title |
| `--theme <name>` | Color theme |
| `--dark` | Use dark theme |
| `--width <pixels>` | Graph width |
| `--height <pixels>` | Graph height |

---

### `linehook init` - Initialize Project

Set up LineHook in your project with config and optional GitHub Action.

```bash
# Basic init
linehook init

# With GitHub Action for auto-updates
linehook init --github-action
```

**Creates:**
```
.linehook/
  config.json       # Configuration
  badges/           # Generated badges
  stats.json        # Cached stats
```

---

### `linehook webhook` - Real-time Updates

Manage webhooks and local development server.

```bash
# Start local server (great for development)
linehook webhook --serve

# Manually update all badges
linehook webhook --update

# Show setup options
linehook webhook --setup
```

**Local Server Endpoints:**
```
GET  /stats           -> JSON stats
GET  /badge/lines     -> Lines badge SVG
GET  /badge/files     -> Files badge SVG
GET  /badge/chars     -> Characters badge SVG
GET  /graph/summary   -> Summary card SVG
POST /webhook         -> GitHub webhook receiver
```

**Live Badge URL:**
```markdown
![Lines](http://localhost:3456/badge/lines?style=flat&color=blue)
```

---

## How Updates Work

LineHook supports two modes: **Offline** (manual updates) and **Auto** (GitHub Actions). When you run `linehook init`, you'll be asked which mode you prefer.

### Offline Mode (Manual Updates)

Badges are static SVG files stored in your repository. They **never expire** and don't require any server.

```bash
# Initialize in offline mode
linehook init --offline

# Update workflow (run whenever you want to refresh stats)
linehook badge --save
linehook graph --type summary -o .linehook/stats.svg
git add .linehook/
git commit -m "Update stats"
git push
```

**Pros:**
- No server needed - badges work forever
- Full control over when stats update
- Works with any Git hosting (GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket)

### Auto Mode (GitHub Actions)

Badges update automatically on every push using GitHub Actions - **runs on GitHub's servers, not yours**.

```bash
# Initialize with auto-updates
linehook init --auto
```

This creates `.github/workflows/linehook.yml` which:
1. Runs on every push to main/master
2. Regenerates all badges and graphs
3. Commits the updated files back to the repo

**Key Point:** This is NOT a webhook that requires your computer to be on. GitHub Actions runs on GitHub's infrastructure - it's always available and completely free for public repos.

**Pros:**
- Fully automatic - stats update on every push
- Runs on GitHub's servers (free, always-on)
- No external services or API keys needed

### Local Development Server

For real-time badges during development:

```bash
linehook webhook --serve
```

This starts a local server that generates fresh badges on each request. Useful for development/testing, but **not for production** - it stops when your computer turns off.

### Q: Will badges break if my computer turns off?

**No!** LineHook generates static SVG files that are stored in your repository. They're just regular files - like images. They work as long as your repo exists.

- **Offline Mode**: Badges are static files you commit. They never change until you manually update them.
- **Auto Mode**: GitHub Actions updates the files for you. It runs on GitHub's servers, not yours.

Neither mode requires your computer, an external server, or a webhook service to keep working.

---

## What Gets Counted

### Included
- All text-based source files
- Code lines (non-blank)
- Blank lines
- Characters (with/without whitespace)
- 50+ programming languages detected

### Excluded
- Binary files (images, videos, fonts, etc.)
- `node_modules`, `.git`, `vendor`, `dist`, `build`
- Lock files (`package-lock.json`, `yarn.lock`, etc.)
- Minified files (`*.min.js`, `*.min.css`)

### Asset Tracking
- Images (png, jpg, gif, svg, webp, etc.)
- Videos (mp4, mov, avi, etc.)
- Audio (mp3, wav, flac, etc.)
- Fonts (ttf, woff, woff2, etc.)
- Documents (pdf, docx, etc.)

### Page Detection
- `index.html`, `index.htm`
- Next.js `page.tsx`, `page.jsx`
- Other index files

---

## Configuration

Create `.linehook/config.json`:

```json
{
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "theme": "default",
  "directories": ["."],
  "extensions": [],
  "exclude": [
    "node_modules",
    ".git",
    "dist",
    "coverage"
  ],
  "badges": {
    "style": "flat",
    "color": "blue",
    "link": "https://github.com/user/repo"
  },
  "graphs": {
    "width": 600,
    "height": 400,
    "title": "Project Statistics"
  }
}
```

---

## Themes and Dark Mode

LineHook supports **12 beautiful themes** including dark mode variants.

### Available Themes

**Light Themes:**
- `default` - Classic blue theme
- `github` - GitHub's light theme

**Dark Themes:**
- `dark` - Universal dark theme
- `githubDark` - GitHub's dark mode
- `dracula` - Popular Dracula palette
- `monokai` - Classic Monokai colors
- `nord` - Arctic, north-bluish palette
- `tokyoNight` - Tokyo Night editor theme
- `catppuccin` - Soothing pastel theme
- `neon` - Vibrant neon colors
- `sunset` - Warm sunset gradients
- `ocean` - Deep ocean blues

### Using Themes

```bash
# List all available themes
linehook theme --list

# Preview a theme's colors
linehook theme --preview dracula

# Generate badges with a theme
linehook badge --theme dracula --save

# Generate graphs with a theme
linehook graph --theme githubDark --type summary -o stats.svg

# Quick dark mode shortcut
linehook badge --dark
linehook graph --dark --type pie -o pie.svg
```

### Set Default Theme

```bash
# Set theme for all future commands
linehook theme --set catppuccin
```

---

## Integration Examples

### GitHub README

```markdown
<!-- Static badges (generated and committed) -->
![Lines](.linehook/badges/lines.svg)
![Files](.linehook/badges/files.svg)

<!-- Stats card -->
![Stats](.linehook/stats.svg)
```

### CI/CD Integration

```yaml
# .github/workflows/stats.yml
name: Update Stats
on:
  push:
    branches: [main]

jobs:
  update:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      - uses: actions/setup-node@v4
        with:
          node-version: '20'
      - run: npm install -g linehook
      - run: linehook badge --save
      - run: linehook graph --type summary -o .linehook/stats.svg
      - run: |
          git config user.name "GitHub Action"
          git config user.email "action@github.com"
          git add .linehook/
          git diff --staged --quiet || git commit -m "Update stats"
          git push
```

### Script Usage

```bash
#!/bin/bash
# update-stats.sh

linehook badge --theme dark --save
linehook graph --theme dark --type summary -o .linehook/stats.svg
linehook stats --output json > .linehook/stats.json

echo "Stats updated!"
```

### Programmatic Usage

```javascript
const { 
  StatsEngine, 
  BadgeGenerator, 
  GraphGenerator, 
  ThemeManager 
} = require('linehook');

// Get stats
const engine = new StatsEngine({ dir: './src' });
const stats = await engine.analyze();

console.log(`Lines: ${stats.totalLines}`);
console.log(`Files: ${stats.textFiles}`);

// Generate badge with theme and link
const badge = new BadgeGenerator({ 
  style: 'flat',
  theme: 'dracula',
  link: 'https://github.com/user/repo'
});
const svg = badge.generate('lines', stats.totalLines, { 
  statType: 'lines'
});

// Generate graph with custom title
const graph = new GraphGenerator({ 
  width: 600,
  theme: 'githubDark',
  title: 'My Project Stats'
});
const chart = graph.generateBarChart(stats);

// Work with themes directly
const themes = ThemeManager.getThemes();
console.log('Available themes:', themes.map(t => t.id));
```

---

## Comparison

| Feature | LineHook | tokei/cloc | Other Services |
|---------|----------|------------|----------------|
| **One-command install** | Yes | Yes | Often complex |
| **Badge generation** | Yes | No | Yes |
| **Graph generation** | Yes | No | Varies |
| **Asset counting** | Yes | No | No |
| **Page detection** | Yes | No | No |
| **Works offline** | Yes | Yes | No |
| **No server needed** | Yes | Yes | No |
| **Theme support** | 12 themes | No | Limited |
| **Dark mode** | Yes | No | Some |
| **Custom labels** | Yes | N/A | Some |
| **Repo linking** | Yes | N/A | Some |
| **JSON output** | Yes | Yes | Varies |
| **Local dev server** | Yes | No | No |

---

## Similar Projects and Alternatives

### Code Counting Tools
- **[tokei](https://github.com/XAMPPRocky/tokei)** - Blazing fast Rust-based line counter
- **[cloc](https://github.com/AlDanial/cloc)** - Count Lines of Code in Perl
- **[scc](https://github.com/boyter/scc)** - Sloc Cloc and Code in Go
- **[loc](https://github.com/cgag/loc)** - Fast Rust line counter

### Badge Services
- **[Shields.io](https://shields.io)** - Dynamic badge generation service
- **[Badgen](https://badgen.net)** - Fast badge service

### GitHub Stats
- **[GitHub Readme Stats](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)** - Beautiful GitHub stats cards
- **[WakaTime](https://wakatime.com)** - Code time tracking with badges

### Why LineHook?
- Fast like tokei/scc
- Beautiful like GitHub Readme Stats
- Self-contained - no external services needed
- Flexible - CLI, library, webhook, GitHub Action
- Theme support with 12+ color palettes including dark mode
- Custom labels, links, and styling options

---

## Contributing

Contributions welcome!

```bash
git clone https://github.com/NagusameCS/lineHook.git
cd lineHook
npm install
npm link

# Test locally
linehook stats
```

---

## License

MIT (c) [NagusameCS](https://github.com/NagusameCS)

---

<p align="center">
  <strong>Star this repo if LineHook helps your projects!</strong>
</p>

Commit message:

feat: add auto_pull feature - pull before push to avoid SVG conflicts

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LineHook-Dynamic%20Code%20Stats-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" alt="LineHook"/>
</p>

<h1 align="center">LineHook</h1>

<p align="center">
  <strong>Dynamic code statistics, badges, and graphs for any project</strong><br>
  <em>What's a line without a hook?</em>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/linehook"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/linehook?color=blue&style=flat-square" alt="npm version"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/linehook"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/linehook?style=flat-square" alt="npm downloads"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/marketplace/actions/linehook"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub%20Action-Marketplace-blue?style=flat-square&logo=github" alt="GitHub Action"/></a>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/zero-server%20costs-green?style=flat-square" alt="Zero Server Costs"/>
</p>

---

## Quick Start

```bash
# Install globally
npm install -g linehook

# Get instant stats
linehook stats

# That's it!
```

**Example output:**
```
+------------------------------------------------------------+
|                      PROJECT STATISTICS                     |
+------------------------------------------------------------+

  [FILES]
  -------------------------------------
     Total Files:     142
     Text Files:      128
     Binary Files:    14

  [LINES]
  -------------------------------------
     Total Lines:     12,847
     Code Lines:      10,234
     Blank Lines:     2,613

  [ASSETS]
  -------------------------------------
     Total Assets:    14
       Images:        12
       Fonts:         2

  [LANGUAGES]
  -------------------------------------
     TypeScript       ############........   6,420   49.9%
     JavaScript       ####................   2,340   18.2%
     CSS              ###.................   1,890   14.7%
     ...
```

---

## Installation

### NPM (Recommended)
```bash
npm install -g linehook
```

### NPX (No Install)
```bash
npx linehook stats
```

### From Source
```bash
git clone https://github.com/NagusameCS/lineHook.git
cd lineHook
npm install
npm link
```

---

## Commands

### `linehook stats` - Analyze Project

Get comprehensive statistics for your project.

```bash
# Basic usage
linehook stats

# Analyze specific directory
linehook stats --dir ./src

# Only count specific file types
linehook stats --extensions .ts,.tsx,.js

# Exclude directories
linehook stats --exclude tests,fixtures

# Output formats
linehook stats --output table    # Pretty table (default)
linehook stats --output json     # JSON for scripting
linehook stats --output markdown # Markdown for docs
```

**Options:**
| Flag | Description |
|------|-------------|
| `-d, --dir <path>` | Directory to analyze (default: `.`) |
| `-e, --extensions <list>` | File extensions to include |
| `-x, --exclude <list>` | Directories to exclude |
| `-o, --output <format>` | Output format: `table`, `json`, `markdown` |
| `--include-hidden` | Include hidden files |
| `--theme <name>` | Color theme for output |
| `--dark` | Use dark theme |

---

### `linehook badge` - Generate Badges

Create SVG badges for your README.

```bash
# Generate lines badge
linehook badge

# All badge types
linehook badge --type all

# Save to .linehook/badges/
linehook badge --save

# Custom style and color
linehook badge --style for-the-badge --color green

# Use a theme
linehook badge --theme dracula --save

# Quick dark mode
linehook badge --dark --save

# Add icons
linehook badge --icon --save

# Animated badges
linehook badge --animate --save

# Custom label
linehook badge --label "Total Lines" --type lines

# Link to repository
linehook badge --link "https://github.com/user/repo" --save

# Add prefix/suffix to value
linehook badge --prefix "~" --suffix " LOC"

# Output raw SVG
linehook badge --svg
```

**Badge Types:**
| Type | Description |
|------|-------------|
| `lines` | Total line count |
| `code` | Code lines (no blanks) |
| `files` | File count |
| `chars` | Character count |
| `assets` | Asset file count |
| `pages` | HTML page count |
| `languages` | Language count |
| `all` | All badges |

**Styles:** `flat`, `flat-square`, `plastic`, `for-the-badge`, `social`

**Full Options:**
| Flag | Description |
|------|-------------|
| `-t, --type <type>` | Badge type (see above) |
| `-s, --style <style>` | Badge style |
| `-c, --color <color>` | Badge color (hex or name) |
| `-l, --label <text>` | Custom label text |
| `--title <text>` | Custom alt text |
| `--link <url>` | URL to link badge to |
| `--prefix <text>` | Text before value |
| `--suffix <text>` | Text after value |
| `--label-color <color>` | Custom label background |
| `--theme <name>` | Color theme |
| `--dark` | Use dark theme |
| `--icon` | Include icon |
| `--animate` | Add animation |
| `--svg` | Output raw SVG |
| `--save` | Save to file |

**Add to README:**
```markdown
![Lines of Code](.linehook/badges/lines.svg)
![Files](.linehook/badges/files.svg)
```

---

### `linehook graph` - Generate Graphs

Create visual charts for your statistics.

```bash
# Summary card
linehook graph --type summary --output stats.svg

# Language pie chart
linehook graph --type pie --output languages.svg

# Bar chart
linehook graph --type bars --output breakdown.svg

# Treemap visualization
linehook graph --type treemap --output treemap.svg

# All charts (dashboard)
linehook graph --type dashboard --output charts.svg

# Custom dimensions
linehook graph --width 800 --height 600 --output chart.svg

# With theme
linehook graph --theme dracula --type summary -o stats-dark.svg

# Quick dark mode
linehook graph --dark --type pie -o languages-dark.svg

# Custom title
linehook graph --title "My Project Stats" --type summary -o stats.svg

# With subtitle and footer
linehook graph --title "Stats" --subtitle "Generated by LineHook" -o stats.svg

# Link the graph to repo
linehook graph --link "https://github.com/user/repo" -o stats.svg
```

**Graph Types:**
| Type | Description |
|------|-------------|
| `summary` | Stats overview card |
| `pie` | Language pie chart |
| `bars` | Horizontal bar chart |
| `treemap` | Language treemap |
| `breakdown` | Same as bars |
| `dashboard` | All charts |

**Full Options:**
| Flag | Description |
|------|-------------|
| `-t, --type <type>` | Graph type (see above) |
| `-o, --output <file>` | Output file path |
| `--title <text>` | Custom title |
| `--subtitle <text>` | Custom subtitle |
| `--footer <text>` | Custom footer text |
| `--link <url>` | URL to link graph to |
| `--hide-title` | Hide the title |
| `--theme <name>` | Color theme |
| `--dark` | Use dark theme |
| `--width <pixels>` | Graph width |
| `--height <pixels>` | Graph height |

---

### `linehook init` - Initialize Project

Set up LineHook in your project with config and optional GitHub Action.

```bash
# Basic init
linehook init

# With GitHub Action for auto-updates
linehook init --github-action
```

**Creates:**
```
.linehook/
  config.json       # Configuration
  badges/           # Generated badges
  stats.json        # Cached stats
```

---

### `linehook webhook` - Real-time Updates

Manage webhooks and local development server.

```bash
# Start local server (great for development)
linehook webhook --serve

# Manually update all badges
linehook webhook --update

# Show setup options
linehook webhook --setup
```

**Local Server Endpoints:**
```
GET  /stats           -> JSON stats
GET  /badge/lines     -> Lines badge SVG
GET  /badge/files     -> Files badge SVG
GET  /badge/chars     -> Characters badge SVG
GET  /graph/summary   -> Summary card SVG
POST /webhook         -> GitHub webhook receiver
```

**Live Badge URL:**
```markdown
![Lines](http://localhost:3456/badge/lines?style=flat&color=blue)
```

---

## How Updates Work

LineHook supports two modes: **Offline** (manual updates) and **Auto** (GitHub Actions). When you run `linehook init`, you'll be asked which mode you prefer.

### Offline Mode (Manual Updates)

Badges are static SVG files stored in your repository. They **never expire** and don't require any server.

```bash
# Initialize in offline mode
linehook init --offline

# Update workflow (run whenever you want to refresh stats)
linehook badge --save
linehook graph --type summary -o .linehook/stats.svg
git add .linehook/
git commit -m "Update stats"
git pull --rebase  # Sync remote changes first (avoids SVG conflicts)
git push
```

**Pros:**
- No server needed - badges work forever
- Full control over when stats update
- Works with any Git hosting (GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket)

### Auto Mode (GitHub Actions)

Badges update automatically on every push using GitHub Actions - **runs on GitHub's servers, not yours**.

```bash
# Initialize with auto-updates
linehook init --auto
```

This creates `.github/workflows/linehook.yml` which:
1. Runs on every push to main/master
2. Regenerates all badges and graphs
3. Commits the updated files back to the repo

**Key Point:** This is NOT a webhook that requires your computer to be on. GitHub Actions runs on GitHub's infrastructure - it's always available and completely free for public repos.

**Auto Pull Feature:** By default, LineHook pulls before pushing to avoid conflicts when SVGs are out of sync (e.g., from concurrent pushes). This is enabled by default in the generated workflows. To disable it, remove the `git pull --rebase` line from your workflow.

**Pros:**
- Fully automatic - stats update on every push
- Runs on GitHub's servers (free, always-on)
- No external services or API keys needed
- Auto-sync prevents SVG conflicts

### Local Development Server

For real-time badges during development:

```bash
linehook webhook --serve
```

This starts a local server that generates fresh badges on each request. Useful for development/testing, but **not for production** - it stops when your computer turns off.

### Q: Will badges break if my computer turns off?

**No!** LineHook generates static SVG files that are stored in your repository. They're just regular files - like images. They work as long as your repo exists.

- **Offline Mode**: Badges are static files you commit. They never change until you manually update them.
- **Auto Mode**: GitHub Actions updates the files for you. It runs on GitHub's servers, not yours.

Neither mode requires your computer, an external server, or a webhook service to keep working.

---

## What Gets Counted

### Included
- All text-based source files
- Code lines (non-blank)
- Blank lines
- Characters (with/without whitespace)
- 50+ programming languages detected

### Excluded
- Binary files (images, videos, fonts, etc.)
- `node_modules`, `.git`, `vendor`, `dist`, `build`
- Lock files (`package-lock.json`, `yarn.lock`, etc.)
- Minified files (`*.min.js`, `*.min.css`)

### Asset Tracking
- Images (png, jpg, gif, svg, webp, etc.)
- Videos (mp4, mov, avi, etc.)
- Audio (mp3, wav, flac, etc.)
- Fonts (ttf, woff, woff2, etc.)
- Documents (pdf, docx, etc.)

### Page Detection
- `index.html`, `index.htm`
- Next.js `page.tsx`, `page.jsx`
- Other index files

---

## Configuration

Create `.linehook/config.json`:

```json
{
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "theme": "default",
  "directories": ["."],
  "extensions": [],
  "exclude": [
    "node_modules",
    ".git",
    "dist",
    "coverage"
  ],
  "badges": {
    "style": "flat",
    "color": "blue",
    "link": "https://github.com/user/repo"
  },
  "graphs": {
    "width": 600,
    "height": 400,
    "title": "Project Statistics"
  }
}
```

---

## Themes and Dark Mode

LineHook supports **12 beautiful themes** including dark mode variants.

### Available Themes

**Light Themes:**
- `default` - Classic blue theme
- `github` - GitHub's light theme

**Dark Themes:**
- `dark` - Universal dark theme
- `githubDark` - GitHub's dark mode
- `dracula` - Popular Dracula palette
- `monokai` - Classic Monokai colors
- `nord` - Arctic, north-bluish palette
- `tokyoNight` - Tokyo Night editor theme
- `catppuccin` - Soothing pastel theme
- `neon` - Vibrant neon colors
- `sunset` - Warm sunset gradients
- `ocean` - Deep ocean blues

### Using Themes

```bash
# List all available themes
linehook theme --list

# Preview a theme's colors
linehook theme --preview dracula

# Generate badges with a theme
linehook badge --theme dracula --save

# Generate graphs with a theme
linehook graph --theme githubDark --type summary -o stats.svg

# Quick dark mode shortcut
linehook badge --dark
linehook graph --dark --type pie -o pie.svg
```

### Set Default Theme

```bash
# Set theme for all future commands
linehook theme --set catppuccin
```

---

## Integration Examples

### GitHub README

```markdown
<!-- Static badges (generated and committed) -->
![Lines](.linehook/badges/lines.svg)
![Files](.linehook/badges/files.svg)

<!-- Stats card -->
![Stats](.linehook/stats.svg)
```

### CI/CD Integration

```yaml
# .github/workflows/stats.yml
name: Update Stats
on:
  push:
    branches: [main]

jobs:
  update:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      - uses: actions/setup-node@v4
        with:
          node-version: '20'
      - run: npm install -g linehook
      - run: linehook badge --save
      - run: linehook graph --type summary -o .linehook/stats.svg
      - run: |
          git config user.name "GitHub Action"
          git config user.email "action@github.com"
          git add .linehook/
          git diff --staged --quiet || git commit -m "Update stats"
          git pull --rebase  # Sync remote changes (avoids SVG conflicts)
          git push
```

### Script Usage

```bash
#!/bin/bash
# update-stats.sh

linehook badge --theme dark --save
linehook graph --theme dark --type summary -o .linehook/stats.svg
linehook stats --output json > .linehook/stats.json

echo "Stats updated!"
```

### Programmatic Usage

```javascript
const { 
  StatsEngine, 
  BadgeGenerator, 
  GraphGenerator, 
  ThemeManager 
} = require('linehook');

// Get stats
const engine = new StatsEngine({ dir: './src' });
const stats = await engine.analyze();

console.log(`Lines: ${stats.totalLines}`);
console.log(`Files: ${stats.textFiles}`);

// Generate badge with theme and link
const badge = new BadgeGenerator({ 
  style: 'flat',
  theme: 'dracula',
  link: 'https://github.com/user/repo'
});
const svg = badge.generate('lines', stats.totalLines, { 
  statType: 'lines'
});

// Generate graph with custom title
const graph = new GraphGenerator({ 
  width: 600,
  theme: 'githubDark',
  title: 'My Project Stats'
});
const chart = graph.generateBarChart(stats);

// Work with themes directly
const themes = ThemeManager.getThemes();
console.log('Available themes:', themes.map(t => t.id));
```

---

## Comparison

| Feature | LineHook | tokei/cloc | Other Services |
|---------|----------|------------|----------------|
| **One-command install** | Yes | Yes | Often complex |
| **Badge generation** | Yes | No | Yes |
| **Graph generation** | Yes | No | Varies |
| **Asset counting** | Yes | No | No |
| **Page detection** | Yes | No | No |
| **Works offline** | Yes | Yes | No |
| **No server needed** | Yes | Yes | No |
| **Theme support** | 12 themes | No | Limited |
| **Dark mode** | Yes | No | Some |
| **Custom labels** | Yes | N/A | Some |
| **Repo linking** | Yes | N/A | Some |
| **JSON output** | Yes | Yes | Varies |
| **Local dev server** | Yes | No | No |

---

## Similar Projects and Alternatives

### Code Counting Tools
- **[tokei](https://github.com/XAMPPRocky/tokei)** - Blazing fast Rust-based line counter
- **[cloc](https://github.com/AlDanial/cloc)** - Count Lines of Code in Perl
- **[scc](https://github.com/boyter/scc)** - Sloc Cloc and Code in Go
- **[loc](https://github.com/cgag/loc)** - Fast Rust line counter

### Badge Services
- **[Shields.io](https://shields.io)** - Dynamic badge generation service
- **[Badgen](https://badgen.net)** - Fast badge service

### GitHub Stats
- **[GitHub Readme Stats](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)** - Beautiful GitHub stats cards
- **[WakaTime](https://wakatime.com)** - Code time tracking with badges

### Why LineHook?
- Fast like tokei/scc
- Beautiful like GitHub Readme Stats
- Self-contained - no external services needed
- Flexible - CLI, library, webhook, GitHub Action
- Theme support with 12+ color palettes including dark mode
- Custom labels, links, and styling options

---

## Contributing

Contributions welcome!

```bash
git clone https://github.com/NagusameCS/lineHook.git
cd lineHook
npm install
npm link

# Test locally
linehook stats
```

---

## License

MIT (c) [NagusameCS](https://github.com/NagusameCS)

---

<p align="center">
  <strong>Star this repo if LineHook helps your projects!</strong>
</p>
